Episode 9
Are my honest feelings for you a joke?
Don't see Jin Hyun again
But I've recovered.
I have no more feelings for you.
Dad.
I actually fell for a guy again.
I am, I am terribly disgusted with myself.
So much to the point of death.
My heart...
If only it was harder, Dad.
Sam Soon.
Dad died from heart attack because my heart was hard.
Your heart must race and should beat hard.
You must feel pain because of him.
I'm happy that my third daughter
has a normal heart.
Do you like that guy that much?
Yeah. I like him.
I like him like crazy.
Even though he's a player?
Dad... I didn't mean that.
I was just saying it to have something to say.
Have you told him yet?
That you like him like crazy?
No.
Pathetic girl.
Then what are you crying over?
Should I tell him?
Of course, do you want to regret not telling him?
What if he doesn't like me?
That would be humiliating.
What's there to be embarrassed about?
What's in life?
If he rejects you, then you'll say
"Fine, carry on with your life"
and give him a good beating.
I just did that. I hit him real hard.
But he's still the same,
doing things that provoke me.
He's truly my punching bag!
What are you laughing at?
Your eyes are swollen from crying. Weren't you crying?
Sis.
Dad was here.
Dad didn't age one bit.
It's us who have aged.
What do I do with you, my dear sister.
Just tell him that
the game's over.
If I were a guy, I would pick Yoo Hee Jin too, not Kim Hee Jin.
What's so good about Yoo Hee Jin?
Even I am envious of her. She's desirable.
Why don't you adopt  her as your sister too?
And call her Sa (4)  Soon.
"Hee Jin" suits her better than Sa Soon
while "Sam (3) Soon" suits you.
What's this anyway? No one is born Sam Soon.
-Sis, what should I do?
-What is it?
I need to pee.
Just hold it for a while.
-What a relief
-That's good
Keep a close watch.
Who is it? The timing is really bad.
Hurry up and answer it.
You want the entire neighborhood
to know you're taking a leak here?
Hello.
There's a place to go tomorrow.
We'll pick you up near your place.
What?
I'll sent a car over so
wait by the front door.
I'll let you know the time
tomorrow morning.
There's someone coming,
so hurry up.
You approved of Sam Soon?
-That's impossible
-Then why...
I don't care if it's Sam Soon or anyone,
so long as she can get rid of Hee Jin.
The next step is to get rid Sam Soon.
Where's Mi Joo?
Asleep.
She's so little and doesn't
know what's going on.
It breaks my heart
every time she cries.
You too, Hyun Sook.
Don't fall ill.
I will throw out whomever is sick.
Then you should have taken me in from the start.
You're stuck with me to the end.
Goodness, there's so much stuff in there.
Don't you ever clean out your ear wax?
No one's doing it for me.
And you lived with it?
The way things are, how could you hear?
Don't worry, I hear fine
just like Momo.
Momo? What's that?
A little brat.
She's got good hearing,
and what else now...
Turn over.
There's a mole here?
It's always been there.
No, you never had it.
I was born with it.
Really? But why didn't
I know this before?
That shows how much you care about me.
You don't even know your guy has a mole?
That's strange,
it wasn't there before.
Can I stay here and
go to work from here?
I'll be busy when I return to school.
I can't cook for you.
We can eat at a restaurant.
No, I have to study.
You'll distract me every night.
You're the one who's
always distracting me.
Brat, are you trying to start something?
You started it first, remember?
Okay okay,
now don't move.
I saw your mom today.
She said she doesn't want
a sickly daughter-in-law.
And Mi Joo's grown so much.
She's becoming so pretty.
Did you tell her you were sick?
Don't mind President Na's words.
She's just angry with
you for leaving me.
I know, I'll work on it.
But I can't go with you tomorrow.
Your mom might not
want to see me there uninvited.
Hello.
Get in the car.
That...
Didn't Jin Hyun tell you?
About what?
-We broke up...
-Forget about Hee Jin
Why the surprised look?
I brought her here.
Memorial Service for Hyun Jin Tae (his brother)
and Kim Shin Young (his sister-in-law
I regret this sometimes.
I shouldn't have made
him join the hotel.
If he lived the life he wanted to live,
he might still be alive.
I regret buying him that motorcycle.
I should've warned him
to be more careful.
I'm going over
to thank the monks.
Are you tired?
I made you come here so early.
May I ask...
why is Manager here?
President Hyun didn't tell you?
No.
I...
I had a son.
I gave President Hyun
a good thrashing.
He was bedridden at that time.
I blamed him for killing my son.
I scolded him and did
hateful things to him.
Six months after the funeral.
I started waking up to the facts.
I began to understand.
President Hyun suffered
serious injuries as well.
He lost both his brother
and sister-in-law.
My son was at fault,
following the car too closely.
I went to the hospital to see him before
his surgery. He didn't say a word.
He just sat there silently in tears,
looking at me.
A year later.
He said he was setting up a restaurant
and wanted me to be the manager.
I told him that I don't know
anything besides teaching kids.
He made several attempts to recruit me.
But he said teaching kids and
serving customers are the same.
I lost my only son
and was retired.
I knew he was worried about me.
That's why he wanted to hire me.
I'll give you a lift, Manager Oh.
It's their day off, so let them date.
Are you alright?
-I'm fine
-I'll help you get up.
This is so funny.
-Let's go.
-Yes.
What are you doing?
Don't do this again.
I've broken it off with Sam Soon.
Think you can have it your way?
What's gotten into you?
I should be asking you that.
You said she was somebody to you.
And how long has it been?
Now what?
Broken up already?
There's a reason.
If it's because of Hee Jin,
I suggest you end it with her.
President Na.
-I don't like sickly daughter-in-laws
-President Na!
This child never listens...
Don't scream at me like that!
Bad mannered.
When did President Na call you?
-Last night
-Why didn't you tell me?
How do I tell you when I didn't
even know what she's planning.
She just told me to wait
by the front and hung up.
In the future, don't listen to President Na,
just listen to me.
And...
I doubt something like this will happen again, but if the same thing happens again, please let me know.
I don't want to.
Because of Yoo Hye Jin, you and your mother
are fighting a cold war.
I don't want to be a part
of it, nor be used like that.
Whether it's President Na
or President Hyun
I won't heed either of you.
One more thing ...
Here.
[ Letter of Resignation ]
He's really leaving?
That jerk, childish prince.
If you've taken a lift from me,
you would've gotten home already.
Your legs wouldn't hurt, and
you'd be having cold ramen.
There you go again.
What's this?
This is not for the
woman Kim Sam Soon.
It's for patisserie Kim Sam Soon.
I didn't want to say this.
You are an outstanding patisserie.
I don't want to lose you.
Take it, my arm hurts.
You have to get
on your knees first
Never seen it in movies?
No one gives flowers to a girl that way,
standing there like a blockhead
-I'm not giving them to a girl
-I don't care
You either get on your knees
or hire another patisserie
Miss Kim Sam Soon
Hey Sam Soon!
You're really...
Why are you following me?
Why? Are you really
getting down on your knees?
If I do, you'll take it back?
-I'll think about it
-How can you be like this?
Why not? I'm like that
Persuade me.
If you can do that,
I might change my mind
Forget it then
Where did your temper go?
Hurry up and take it, my knees hurt.
-That okay?
-No
I haven't changed my mind yet
Since I accepted your flowers,
I'll take them with me.
No one does that!
I do. What are you going to do about it?
Then return the flowers.
I don't think you know about flowers.
You should at least give me
some time to find a new patisserie.
Why aren't you using formal speech?
Can a Pro do this?
Are you an amateur? Did you go to work as a hobby?
Hey! Still using informal speech?
Remember what you said
during the interview?
What? The box of chocolate
contains the life of a person?
Look at you. You obviously
didn't mean what you said
What's it going to be?
Either you take responsibility
or admit you were lying.
-What did you say to me?
-What?
Still using informal speech?
I'll give you two weeks.
I'll teach In Hye as much I can
while you find another patisserie.
No more negotiation.
Hello, is Mother in there?
-She is, but...
-I'll go talk to her
It's just that.... Hee Jin...
Hee Jin!
Yes, it's settled then
We'll meet up next week.
Yes, please arrange a date
with Secretary Yoon.
I'm hanging up then.
Let's go work out together, Mother.
I took up yoga recently,
I'd like you to go with me.
Are you going against me?
-We can go to lunch together after yoga
-Can you get out now?
What were you doing?
Why did you let her in?
Don't be like this,
It's just an hour..
Please give me an hour.
You can watch me practice.
It'll be fun.
Get her out of here now!
Mother.
I'm healthy now, not sick any more.
Hee Jin.
Secretary Yoon.
I made a fool of myself today.
Will you buy me lunch?
Don't you have to
watch what you eat?
So long as I'm eating happily.
-Says who?
-Henry
He's my doctor.
I thought you would've
been married by now.
Didn't you have a
boyfriend back then?
Do I?
When you stay at a place too long,
it's not easy to move and change.
It's a bother.
Don't want to.
You have to tell Mother
that I'm eating well.
You should start training hard today.
You'll do all the dough part from now on, all right?
-Why?
-Why? You don't wanna learn?
-No! Why wouldn't I?
-Great, then let's start.
Watch me.
Like this...
Get it?
Right, this is the temperature.28 to 29 degrees, lower 1 or 2 degrees for milk chocolate  and white chocolate.
Can I use a thermometer?
Think of your hand
as the thermometer.
No, think of your body as
a thermometer the way the pro's do it.
Yes
Long time no see.
Can you excuse us for a while?
I heard about it.
About what? Don't you
have better things to do?
You were dumped by Jin Hyun.
Hee Jin and him got back together?
-I feel sorry for you
-Bad news spreads fast.
It happens.
Sister, don't be too upset.
He's not meant for you anyway.
Thank you for your concern.
If there's nothing else, please go.
Do you want me to
introduce you a guy?
--Are you being charitable?
-Yeah, my mister...
I don't want you
flirting with my Hyun Woo.
I heard you were clinging onto
him while you were in Paris, like a spider...
That bastard told you that?
How can you say that about him?
You are good at speaking ill of others.
Why don't you run an ad in the newpaper about that?
I did that already, don't worry.
Now go away.
I'm warning you not to
flirt with my Hyun Woo.
Why won't you answer me?
Kim Sam Soon!
Do you think you're so great? Oppa Hyun Woo was confused for a while, and you caught the eye of Oppa Jin Hun.
Don't be mistaken.
You're just a dish they had a craving for. Do you get it?
Are you finished talking?
Promise me you won't
make a pass at my Hyun Woo
Leave before things turn nasty.
-Promise me first!
-Hurry up and leave.
-Leave before I hit you!
-You won't promise me?
You're really...
What's this for, sister!
Why are you venting
your anger out on me?
Jang Chae Ri, come back here!
Who does she take me for?
Sprouting nonsense like that.
If she dares to mess with me once more,
I'll bake her to a crisp in the oven.
What are you looking at?
Do you want to be put in the  oven too?
Come again, I'll stuff her
in a bag of flour.
Whoever provokes me,
I'll mix him with eggs and flour,
then fry him and eat him.
If I can pass my constipation on
to Sam Shik, that'll be great.
Pass it on...
And pass the piles
to him as well.
Who is it?
Is it Supervisor Lee?
Or is it Gi Bang?
i'm sorry, but I decline hemorrhoids.
Why didn't you say anything?
Why are you hiding there?
Who's hiding? You were
the one talking non-stop,
Say there! Can I ask a favor?
What kind of favors do you want
in the bathroom?
Do you have any toilet paper to spare?
Oh dear, there's none in here,
Who's in charge
of the cleaning?
Under such circumstances, people with different blood types react differently. You want to know more?
Blood type A: patient and introvert.
They'll wait for the cleaning lady.
Blood type B: confident.
They'll solve it with 2 things.
The 2 things are...
fingers!
AB blood types have traits of
blood types A and B in them.
They'll re-use the toilet paper
in the trash bin.
The easy-going blood type O
will just walk out.
Why? Cause they can
clean up after themselves later.
What's you blood type, President?
What would you do?
Having lived 30 years,
this is a piece of cake.
My answer is...
socks.
What are you doing?
Cleaning my socks.
I used one. There's another
one left. You want it?
Will you get me some toilet paper?
Sure, but it'll take
a while, okay?
Can you hurry up?
It kind of stinks. Are you
having a tummy upset?
It's not me.
Then it's me?
This is strange. Has
anyone seen the President?
No.
Maybe he went out?
But he would have
said something to me.
Sam Soon, do you know?
Did he say anything to you?
Why ask Sam Soon?
He's probably with
his new girlfriend.
New girlfriend?
What's that about?
Oh yes, the jeans.
I'm sorry, Chef Lee.
My sister wants me to give it to you, but I keep forgetting,
-I'll remember to bring it
-The jeans are not important.
About that new girlfriend,
you guys broke up?
Why'd you poke me?
If you have something
to say, then say it.
About that...
Have a seat.
I know.
Go ahead and eat
Vegetables are good for constipation.
They are good for your piles too.
I know a doctor who's good
with piles. Shall I introduce you?
Hey. I'm going dancing tonight.
Who wants to come?
I'll go...
Sister Sam Soon,
I'm disappointed with President.
Me, too.
What's up with you guys today?
He'd just broken off with you
a few days, and...
He pretends to have no interest
in women, but he's a player.
That's what I say! He's a hypocrite.
Are you guys saying this,
so I'll buy you drinks?
No.
Sister, don't be upset?
You'll find someone better than
President. You show him that!
That's right,
we are behind you.
Even though sister is slightly
plump... but your skin is good.
Now you're seeing
what's good about me.
Being dumped is not a bad idea.
But is there anyone
better than President?
That's true. He's cute and
has so many girls after him.
His body is a work of art,
and he's suave.
Whenever I look into
his eyes, I'll...
How can you say this in front of
someone who just got dumped?
But you guys are all wrong.
It's his lips that's most appealing.
A bunch of kids.
How does it feel if you
can't eat what you want?
Bitter, totally bitter.
Of course it'll feel bitter.
You are out of his league.
Hey, Jang Yong Ja.
What, Kim Sam Soon?
You pay for your own drinks?
Ladies!
What are pretty ladies
doing here?
There's a group of cute guys
over there, dying to meet you all.
Are they really cute?
Sam Shik Yi
Of course! Come on, let's go
You two can stay here.
Give the younger ones a chance.
-We're off
-Let's go.
What guys would
like girls like that?
Ingrates.
Guys named Sam Shik
are all the same.
Drink that one.
Grand ... grandfather. Grandfather. Grandfather.
Grandmother. Mother. Mother. Grandmother.
No one wants to stalk an old maid.
The next song is,
"Over the Rainbow".
We met old friends here today.
There's a line that goes like this.
Birds fly over the rainbow
Why, then why, can't I?
Birds fly over the rainbow.
Then why can't I fly?
At this point, someone says
"Cause you're fat, that's
why you can't fly"
How did he get out
from the bathroom?
Type A... Type B?
He can't be a Type O.
That jerk looks like a Type B.
That means he used this...?
The curiosity is killing me.
Which one did he pick?
I'm not asking a lot.
I just want someone like you.
Someone like you...
I love you.
How much?
How much and for how long?
As high as the sky, as wide as the earth, until a bridge is built from the earth to the moon.
Are you moved?
Did you do an Internet search?
What?
Nothing.
I wish I didn't tell you either.
What is she doing there?
Sam Soon
What are you doing out
here this late? Praying?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong?
What's wrong, child?
Mom...
Mother
Tell me, is she seeing someone?
She broke up with him or what?
How would I know?
You two are always whispering.
How can you not know?
This is really...
Last Christmas, she cried over
Hyun Woo for 3 days and 3 nights.
Tell me, who is it?
I can't say it.
-I'll whip you into saying it
-Okay, I'll say it
Yes, she's dating.
With whom?
-I can't say
-Who is it!
-Her boss
-Boss?
The restaurant's boss?
Mother... Mother
What are you crying over? What are you crying over?
Stop it!
It hurts, don't hit her.
Why are you always
getting dumped!
You've got hands and legs, but
why are you always getting dumped? Why?
You're driving me nuts!
Stop crying and get up.
Where does he live?
I want to know who he is.
What's so great about him? Why did he dump my daughter?
Get up and take me there. Hurry.
Mom, you are going overboard.
It's over. Why go see him?
It's pathetic.
Is this not pathetic?
They should make a clean break.
Get up and quickly take me there.
Mom, it's over between them.
I've given him a thrashing. There's no need for you to be involved.
Let go!
She's your sister.
Don't you care?
All you do is cry!
Now get up and go. Lead the way! Quickly
Mom, I know I'm wrong.
Sister! Sister!
--Enough!
-- Hurry and get up!
It's a contractual relationship.
It'll only embarrass us.
So don't go.
Contract?
Mother, I was wrong!
I won't do it again!
Is it President Park?
I'm calling from the Miller's.
Can you help us sell our house?
-Mother
-As fast as impossible.
Are you crazy?
Why are you selling the house?
Give it back.
I'd rather stake out in a tent
than live like this.
What?
You'll do anything
for 50 million won?
Instead of giving birth to you... if I'd laid a pumpkin, at least I could eat soup.
You're the smart one. How could you
let your sis end up like "Shim Chung".
[Korean folktale Shim Chung,devoted daughter sacrifices herself to marry the Sea Dragon King so that her blind father may see]
That means the restaurant
is the dragon palace.
-And Sam Shik is the Sea Dragon King
-Look at mom's hair.
How can you laugh
at a time like this?
Sam Soon, don't work
there anymore.
I'm sorry, we're not open yet.
Where's your President?
Ask your President here.
Where is he?
And you are...?
Are you the President?
Step aside if you aren't.
Where's the President?
Get out here now.
Are you coming out or not?
Don't blow things up, come on out.
May I ask who are you?
Madam, are you the President? You're not the President.
I'm the restaurant manager.
The President is unavailable.
Please speak with me.
I'm not here to see you.
Get your President out here.
He hasn't come to work yet..
You can talk to me about it.
Then I'll wait.
Where's his office?
First, please tell us your name
and what you are here for.
I have nothing to
say to you, Madam.
It's not Madam,
it's Manager.
Did I ask you?
What's with the Cleopatra hairstyle...
-Is the office there?
-You can't go in.
--Let go of me.
--Please show the guest out.
Let go of me, you ruffians!
Let go of me!
What's going on?
You're the President?
Yes
You jerk!
You dumped my daughter?
You're gonna get it from me!
How can you do that to your staff?
You stand still, you bad person.
Madam, what are you doing?
Who are you?
How old are you?
You're still wet behind the ears.
One of those people with money making fun of others. Did your mother teach you that?
Madam! Madam!
What are you hollering about?
How dare you dump my daughter!
Don't you dare do it.
Let go of him!
How dare you
challenge Park Bong Sook
Get out.
Get out now!
Mother!
Mother, are you crazy?
Why did you come here?
You are embarrassing us!
Let go!
Why didn't you return my jeans?
Why? You ate it?
-Sam Soon didn't give it to you?
-Sam Soon giving it to me?'  Oh Really!
But I need to wear it tonight.
Sorry then,
I'll bring it next time.
Next time?
But I have to wear it today.
Those are my 'lucky' pants.
That's the only pair you have?
I have lots of them,
but I want to wear that one tonight.
I have to.
Take this away!
Jeans are all the same,
just wear another pair.
Miss, you're really...
I'll wear what I want.
I don't care, you have
to return it tonight.
And come here again?
You're pretty thick-skinned. I don't care if you come 2 or 3 times,
It's your fault, so just bring it here.
Tonight at 9. It's a must.
Hey, wait! Hey!
That fella.
Just my luck.
This is the deed for our house.
Mother.
We can't pay back the 50 million now.
We don't have the money now.
You can take this as collateral.
This...You don't have to do this.
According to who? According to you?
I've settled the money
issue with Sam Soon.
-That we don't have to pay back?
-Yes
You jerk!
Mom, you're doing it again?
You "played" her, and you want to
shrug her aside with 50 million?
-It's not like that
-But it's what your words mean!
Please calm down.
Mom, calm down.
Sit down and talk.  Quickly.
Keep this safe.
I'll return the money once my
daughter sells her apartment, get it?
Yes.
Sam Soon won't be working
here starting from today.
Not leaving?
Wait for me outside.
I've something to say.
What's there to talk about with this lustful jerk?
Mother.
-Let's go.
-Where's Sam Soon?
I should've given birth to a son.
Why are you talking about this?
If it's a son, he won't
let that jerk off so easily.
Here we go again with the story of why you should have had a son.
Please excuse my actions earlier.
Goodbye.
Sorry about that, goodbye.
-You know what this is, right?
-How could you be such a loose-lipped woman?
Shouldn't you have
kept this from your family?
Did you think I told my mom?
That I sold myself
for 50 million won?
How many people in this
world would say that?
Fine, enough of that.
Keep your promise and stay 2 weeks.
I won't accept your resignation until then.
Do you always think of yourself?
You have some place to go
if you resign?
I'll find something.
How about this, let's pretend
nothing happened today.
You may be able to do it,
but I can't.
-My mom will kill me
-Try it and see if she kills you.
Are you toying with
someone's life?
-Miss Kim Sam Soon
-What?
Is this an amusement park?
Coming and going as you please?
In situations like this, do you what
Priestess Park Bong Sook will say?
You're blaming someone else for your own fart!
Anyways, I'm quitting as of today
[ Kim Sam-soon ]
Sister.
You're really quitting?
You can't work here just
because you broke off with him?
No, it's not like that.
There are other reasons.
I feel sorry for you though.
What should I do now?
Here, take this.
What's this?
These are notes on cake-making.
It should be useful to you.
This book is important to me.
You have to return it.
I can't say goodbye to everyone,
so don't send me off.
Don't come out.
Preview for Episode 10